The Xbox 360 is the "old" Xbox, but for the money (for a used one), you can't beat it. Graphics are great, a ton of games of all genres are available (cheap!). Kinect is fun, also a great way to get you and the kids off the couch and moving. Only bad thing are the batteries(AA) for the wireless controllers. Purchase a "charger", and you'll have your bases covered.
The system was great although louder than I am used to with a newer version of 360. However one of the controllers had no functionality and the most popular 2 games had rings burnt into them so deep they will probably never be playable even if I re-surface them.
the gaming system was/is a gift for my daughter.  She loves it, it is pretty easy to use but we are still getting used it. The reason this is not a 5 star is that when reading the description, it showed it came with extra rechargeable remotes and all cords.  It did not say nor did it include the charger for the remotes.  I misread, but I feel that the wording was misleading.  I needed to go and purchase a charger for the remotes (not all backs were included so I could not just put regular batteries in them).  This cost another $30...oh they don't make chargers for the batteries we have so I'm not sure what to do about this.  At the moment we have a plug and play charger too (extra $$$) so we have to plug in the remote to charge it either while we are playing the Xbox or leave it on to charge that one.  This is a little frustrating.  The reason I put game selection as 1 start, the unit we purchased did not include any games.
I bought this Xbox 360 Kinetic (actually Santa brought it to our house)Setting this up was very easy, and we are excited to use it. Santa made a mistake and bought two games from Ebay, and he didn't know about the fact that the games have to be specifically for Xbox 360. The games he bought were for just Xbox and they don't work in this console. So we have the one game that came with it (Adventures??)One thing I would like is that the directions be more detailed, maybe geared more towards the "Older" game players. The little booklet that came with the games are so general. I am a very detailed type person and I need for the instruction booklet to be the same way.Otherwise, I would recommend the Xbox 360 to everyone, I feel the action is way cool and amazing.
Way too much fun! Setup takes a little time, but it is easy to do, especially if you already have an MSN Live Account or Hotmail Account. You do want to make sure you have plenty of space to play. If you get too close, Kinect can't "see" you anymore, so you'll want to stay about 6ft in front of the controller. Really surprises me how well the voice commands work, but sometimes the music from your game will drown out your voice, so I usually have the TV controller handy so I can hit the mute button. Also, it is possible to turn off the console with Kinect. I've read lots of posts online that say it cannot be done, but it can be. Just go to the main menu and scroll over to the Settings page. There is a menu selection that says Turn Off. When you are on this page, simply say, "XBox, turn off." Xbox will then ask you if you want to turn off the console. At that point, say "Yes", and the console is turned off. Some people would like to use Kinect to turn on XBox, but that would mean it would have to be more in a sleep mode than completely powered off. Considering that the Kinect has a video camera in it, I would find that tremendously creepy, especially if someone could hack into it. (It is connected to the Internet.) Besides, it's not that big of a deal to turn on the XBox. You just touch the big round X on the console, or press the big round X on the controller for a second or two. It does take about 30 seconds for Kinect to come online after you turn on the console. A little green light on Kinect blinks and goes steady once it is ready to go. Kinect will move up and down as it tries to "find" you, so don't freak out about that. Simply wave at Kinect, and if you have set up Kinect ID, face Kinect and it will sign you in. In summary, it truly is a "game changer" in the world of video game consoles.
This item was  a good value but after arrived and we tried to open the disk it will not open and try different positions to       see if it will open. Find out that it will not open because it had dirt and a sticky door. After it was clean it opened and will open only on flat position but sideways will not open. Other than that small inconvenient. Good.
XBox 360 S is a used product that works in really good condition. It was sent to me really clean and well wrapped. The games were also clean and well wrapped.
I LOVE this thing~basically the only thing to say!  But, as always, there are exceptions to being 100% satisfied!My family and I owned and played a Wii until it finally just gave up so I replaced our much loved Wii with this!  The Xbox Kinect is awesome because the graphics and play are much more unique but, what Xbox fails to mention and make extremely plain to you, is that you MUST HAVE a very large area to play it in or it will not function properly.  My living room is small so once this was hooked up, it took a while to get it to function correctly.  I have not played it since the first time I hooked it up because I now realize I have to change my living room around so that it can work right.  It was extremely frustating but I now know what I need to do.Also, we are an avid pet lover.  I have dogs in my home that are in my living room.  So, due to the living room being cramped AND my dogs walking around, it was virtually impossible to get it to function right.  You have to be extremely still (which is not a problem) but NO area movement can be going on because if so, it will not allow you to play.I also noticed the movement of your avatar are much slower than you - it lags, I guess?  That was not a problem for me but it was for my smaller kids because they couldn't understand to slow their movements down so that it matched the avatars.To hook it up - is EXTREMELY easy!  I loved that part of it because I am not a good person for that kind of job!  But with how easy the kinect was to hook up, I would recommend it to anyone!The game play - that to me is the BEST part ever!  The games are extremely interactive and you keep moving at ALL times!  For someone that wants to or needs to lose weight, I would suggest this to them a million times!  This winter, once I get it straightened out and can function properly in my living room, it will be used over and over because my kids get bored and I don't want them just sitting, watching TV, computering, or game playing all the time!  This system will give not only them but myself the ability to stay active and hopefully drop some pounds - and stay warm and dry too!!!!  ;)  You honestly feel like you are right in that game, thats how great it is!  You loose yourself in it!  Not only that but after the game, you get to see the "snap shots" of your actions and those to me are priceless!!!!All in all, if you have the room to get it and set it up, you need to!  I still, even with the aggravation at first, recommend this to EVERYONE!  It is awesome!!!!
I was hesitant about buying Xbox with Kinect, simply because of..well..the hype. I've caved in to my kids...and need to say this- It is as good as they claim. Very easy setup, awesome graphic, especially on big screen TV. Kinect can be even "taught" to recognize the user's face and log him in automatically. Optional voice recognition (not included, requires paid subscription) makes using Xbox even easier, even though there are few glitches to its voice recognition software.In general definitely recommend it.
I have had a lot of fun with the 360.  I had a Wii. The 360 is much better in that the  controllers and the Kinect are much more versatile. The sound and graphics are excellent.There are many titles to use the Kinect from sports to action games. I  purchased a joystick to use with flight airplane shooter games. The Wii does not have that attachment. I also purchased a rifle to use for the hunting games. The rifle by Cabella is much better that the Wii because it is self contained. The Wii you had to wire your controller into the rifle.The 360 complete package is very reasonable. I purchased the 360 because the Gamestop associate told me there were more titles than the XBOX 1.
I got this product because my wife wanted it for the dance and exercise games.PRO:I love the quick visual response, setup functions, and voice communication. Our 10 year old loves playing the Kinects Adventure game. It takes pictures of you as you make strange moves to play the game and display them for you to see.CON:I would like Microsoft to make the controller even smaller and sleeker in the future. They should also make the cable coming from the controller detachable, so if there is a short in the cable I do not have to buy a new controller. I also do not understand why there is no Blue Ray option, only DVD, in this day and age. Come on.Summary:It is a great system, once you take the time to set it up and calibrate it for your space. It truly goes way beyond gaming when you get to the online features, namely the face to face video communication and more.
Love it! Bought it for sole purpose of playing exercise/workout games over summer break. Have lost 10 pounds in my first week of playing and have had a lot of fun doing it. The Kinect and Xbox were both simple to set up, with clear directions that took just minutes to follow. It was a little expensive, but I thought a better investment than a Wii, given that the Kinect is controller-free. With the Your Shape game (sold separately), you can keep track of your progress and set goals online, which is motivating. The Kinect Adventures game included is fun for my kids (ages 2, 4) and I enjoy a few of the mini-games as well. In all, it has been a good investment for our whole family and I look forward to continue using it to meet my weight-loss/exercise goals.
I really don't know much about the Xbox, but I was very attracted to the Kinect system for exercise.  This purchase was a very modest price for what you can pay, but it has worked flawlessly for me.  Love it, and enjoy it on a consistent basis.  With what I do, the 4 GB memory capacity has not been limiting at all.
The system was great although louder than I am used to with a newer version of 360. However one of the controllers had no functionality and the most popular 2 games had rings burnt into them so deep they will probably never be playable even if I re-surface them.
In great shape but the disk drive keeps getting stuck and it recently stopped reading disk due to this error. I will most likely have to pay to get it fixed.
Bought this one to replace an older one I own. It just stopped working on me recently and I don't mean ring of death, I mean frozen at start up screen no matter what I do. Was worth playing while it lasted, but I Doesn't last.
I surprised my husband by getting him this XBox w/Kinect.  The hardest part was keeping it a secret and hoping he wasn't home when it arrived. After his old Xbox errored out and couldn't be repaired, we had been shopping around for a new one, but they were in the $300-400.00 price range. It was easy to set up and he's been playing his COD, Modern Warfare and other games on it.  The rest of the family is excited to get some Kinect games so we can try out the sensor. I did a lot of comparison shopping and lost some other bids on comparable auctions so I was elated that I won this one. I feel I got a great price for both items too.  The whole family is happy with our new toy!!
I bought an XBox 360 with kinect for my 10 year-old son.   It was his only wish for his birthday.  HE ABSOLUTELY LOVES THIS PRODUCT.  HE LOVES EVERYTHING ABOUT IT.  Ease of use, the huge amount of games he can play with or without the kinect.  I also bought one for my husband.  I signed up with Gamefly so he could check out all the games before we actually buy them.  The only place I recommend anyone buying these consoles is on Ebay.  I only paid $280 for the whole package, brand new.  No where can you buy this package for that price - not even Frye's.
It stands the test of time. There are great games for it.
The Xbox 360 s is the best retro system still around! The games are some of the best and most fun games I have every played. My personal fav is Left For Dead 2!!  I own a Ps4 pro and a Xbox Series S and I am giving all my attention to the 360 thighs now! 
I bought this Xbox for the grandkids and my daughter and son in law.I was tired seeing kids into a phone screen playing vacuous games online.so I thought this would be so much better.They got the game yesterday and played until late!Due to rains they can't go out much,but this system will keep them active for a long time! i am so happy with this!And it has so many activities and forms of use that I think it will have to be limited but they will do other things so they can have more time earned.I like this system better than others because the whole family can find things to do both separately and together.
I have to say that the only problem with this thing is that it doesn't have enough memory.  Needs a bigger drive!  You can plug in an external drive though - problem solved but it should come with at least 100 GB.  4 GB?  What was microsoft thinking?  Other than that - rookies can use it but being a techno rookie, it is a little different.  Get some coaching from a pro.  Either way, not too bad.  the Kinect stuff is very impressive.
This Xbox 360 is super! It is actually an upgrade for my son. He originally had the Xbox 360 250MB. It was really slow. This Xbox 360 4GB slim is fast and easy to use. He hooked it up, added his hard drive, attached the Kinect, and signed up for Xbox Live. He was also able to get right online. This is a great product.
This was the best purchase I made for Christmas, especially with regards to the value vs the price I paid.  It has already been played through it's worth and then some.  It is easy to use, you can access the internet and download games &amp; movies.  Next purchase for the Xbox will be an exercise game for my mother &amp; I and the kids if they want to join.
What can I say that hasn't been said?The Xbox 360 is a powerful entertainment utility for the entire family. The Kinect sensor triples the fun while actually keeping you in shape and on your toes.I bought this product after years of playing on old consoles. Here in Brazil many electronics cost about 3 times their original US price, and that is without customs, taxes and fees. Unfortunately, the Xbox is one of such products. But I must say, even with some pain on my wallet, this has been one of my best purchases ever. It's one of the few products I can say is worth every single penny.
I love my new xbox I can talk to my xbox to get were I want with out using a control. My kids love the fact we don't need controls to play games. The Xbox kinect is the best. Product made. I can excises listen to music and suffer the web. It also have motion so u can use ur hands as a mouse on ur Tv. Alwsome...
Everything seen and described in pictures was present and all works well! Thank you. A+
100% perfect couldn’t ask for a cleaner condition of a 360! Was strapped for money so I figured I’d buy this old gem and try out the halo series plus older games are still just as fun but a lot cheaper than the newer console.
Thank you so much!!! My daughter is gunna love it !!
Great price.. my grandson love the Xbox system. Thank you
Everything works fine. Great to keep my competitive juices flowing playing the auto and MX racing games.
The game works beautifully
This has been fun for the entire family, still not used to it yet but its wild the way you use your hands for control for the kinext games!!!  I think everyone should own one at one point when financially ready, its not cheap and neither are the games but if you buy one game at a time or get them on sale it helps allot.  Gives you something to buy the owners/users for their bdays, holidays, grad, special occasions when you don't know what else to get that person since "they already have everything"  NO THEY DONT!!!!
just great deal looking to find p s 3 also for a good deal.
Everything that was described was 100% accurate and it showed up fast. Also the system runs great, no problem at all.
The Kinect is very cool.  I have only played the game that comes with it but it works very well.  My wife and kids love it.  We have a Wii as well, but this thing will give you a workout. Unlike the Wiiit is full body motion.  I wish there were more Adult games specific to the Kinect. I spoke to a few people, they say by Xmas 2011 more games will be coming out with more options. I cant wait to see what game developers will come up with. Good family fun, friends like it as well.  My neighbor came over played it 1 time, the next day he traded his Wii in and bought one. Your welcome Microsoft.   Only downside is that I bought the 4GB version...you need to get the 250gb verion... I filled up the memory already...Also Microsoft in all their financial hardships got one over on the consumers---If you have an old version of the Xbox and want to transfer Data you need to buy a $20 cable to move the old (big external HD Data) to the new box...Thanks Microsoft.Overall --- I would recomend it for purchase.
I love it, it brings back the kid in me!!!
it showed up showing the red ring of death as they call it but I got one that works now and switched the face plate  but the ad said it worked 
Was a gift for two young boys.  They love everything about the Xbox 360.  Have heard no complaints from them.
My order came at an early time which was awesome! But what my Xbox 360  came in was a Xbox one box. Wow!
I bought this as an early christmas present for my son.  My husband and I tried it out to make sure that it will be easy for him to use like the WII system we currently have and it seems to be pretty easy.  Since it is a christmas present, he hasn't used it yet but I'm sure that he will get his use out of it.
This is great! It came with more games than advertised. Works fine.
Got exactly what I expected! Excellent condition console, controllers, and games.
La Xbox 360 slim de 4 gb con el sistema Kinect es una de las plataformas de juego mas completas del mercado y la de mejor jugabilidad a mi juicio. La interfaz del sistema te brinda un atractivo y sencillo acceso a todas sus aplicaciones, no solo de juegos, sino además de multimedia y redes sociales. Los comandos son ergonómicos y muy cómodos al momento de jugar, la característica de vibración le otorga un toque extra de diversión a la hora de sumergirte en los juegos mas excitantes que. Los mismos vienen equipados con dos gatillos sensibles que, una vez que te adaptas a ellos, hacen que los jugadores mas exigentes disfruten mas aún de apasionantes carreras automovilísticas o de pilotar un avión de combate de una manera mas real. El sistema KINECT, te da la libertad de sumergirte en un mundo en el cual tu cuerpo controla los escenarios de juego, sin la necesidad de utilizar ningún tipo de comando. El precio es muy competitivo, no hay muchas diferencias con otros sistemas de juego actuales. Con tu Xbox 360 con KINECT, los juegos serán un asunto muy serio.
ake your gaming excitement up a notch with the Xbox 360 4GB console. Transferring your data from this gaming console to another hard drive is extremely easy, making it highly versatile. The integrated WiFi of the Xbox 360 4GB console gives you access to online content. Also the ultra-sleek design of this Xbox 360 black console saves space. The super quiet operation of this gaming console makes playing games even more enjoyable.
My grandsons love the x-box and Kinect.  Game selection is awesome.  ease of use is awesome. The only thing I would change is the controller batteries. I would have designed a rechargeable battery system vice standard aa batteries.
We are VERY HAPPY with our purchase. Everything works fine and we are having fun playing the games.
my son in law loves it
very easy to use!!! as long as you have little experience with any game you will figure out how to use it. my 10 years old son love it.
This was bought for my grandson and he loves it.
As advertised - needed to play some older games
This is an amazing console with great games! The only down side is that you really need a Live Gold account to take advantage of all of the features. However, it doesn't cost that much, especially if you get some of the cheap deals available on eBay.
This product has a great selection for any age, level of difficulty & good selection of variety for each. I bought this for my kids who are ages 18, 14, 8, & 5. Each of them love it. It was easy to set up, easy to configure, easy to guide. I would recommend it to anyone.
I bought this product just to test the quality graphics and interactive and exceeded my expectations, very interactive and simple, intuitive controls making this the best video game ever bought. I enjoyed all aspects and not teho nothing to complain. Compared to the PS3 loses a little in terms of graphic resolution but still worth it anymore.Excellent choice.
I bought the kinect because I wanted a upgrade from the wii. Where I work at we have a kinect and I always played the games whenever I had the chance.I always said to myself that I was gonna get one and now I finally do! Not only do I love it for the fun games but now I can get netflix too. I'm so excited, I just love my kinect bundle! I can workout,Have fun,and watch great movies and TV shows(netflix). I am not a big gamer but I can honestly say I am truly loving it!
Good price for the bundle!
The game system is amazing! Completely changes the idea and neg connotaion of the kids playing video games. I have 2 teenage girls and they were up and moving, laughing through everything. Bought this with my husband in mind, but I can see it may also come in handy for myself (for stress relief) after a crappy night at work. I'm the midnight Charge Nurse.
My grandson loves it! And I am going to use it for Netflix!
system works. don't have the software to try the udraw yet.
Works great
The only issue I had was having to update it but every stated that they had to do the same thing once they got it hooked up as for that we enjoy it
Bought this for my grandchidren ages 6 and 9 for Christmas.  It was a breeze to set-up (I thought it might be some time before they could play) and in 10 minutes the whole family was playing.  I'm not sure who had the best time, the kids or the grownups.  Now when the kids come into the TV room they want to plat xbox instead of veging out in front of the TV.  Worth every penny.
Fast ship nice item!  Works great!
Kids love it!
Yes I finally got my item and love it so far 
Thank you so much  console works great. 
I'm old but it's fun.
Excited to play some old school games.
Good quality stuff
Thanks works awesome
Works perfect. Best gaming system.
It didt seems to work. it turn on but no signal on the controles
Considero que es un buen producto. Lo unico que le he conseguido como defecto es el software con la configuracion regional de la hora que no aparece mi pais Venezuela y la hora GMT que no aparece tampoco el GMT-4:30.Por lo demas todo bien. Tiene Wifi y he podido bajar muchos demos para jugar con el Kinect.Lo recomiendo, pero hay que acomodar ese detalle del pais y zona horaria
My son love it works as if it was new!!!
This is way better than any wii console could ever be,great for the entire family,excercise has never been so much fun!!!!! Microsoft have way outdone thierselves this time guys!!! I recommend this xbox to anyone if you have never been part of the gaming world before with this you will be and its awsome :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this Xbox for my fiance's 21st birthday. It was easy to set up and use, and the kinect is SUPER awesome (the kinect was more for me :P) I would recommend for anyone to buy this console. We watch netflix and hulu and dvds on here. Great to have in our apt!! I dont think that there are many games to play that are adventure/multiplayer tho.
No power supply, cable that it came with was broken.had to bye cables to get it to work
Pros: Great fun for the whole family. It's everything we expected.  Easy to use and set up.  The sensor bar finds you and has a great auto set up.Cons:  The box shows the unit standing on its side but that position is not recommended.  It tends to get very hot and if you move it while it's playing a disc, you will ruin the game that's in it.  Most games seem to be geared toward teen and adult.
everything in working order 5 stars!
This xbox 260 is awesome. I have played the biggest loser game on here. I love how easy it is to use. Definitely very entertaining!
Very good  item my son so happy , thanks
This is one of my favorite game consoles since the Super Nintendo. I love the Kinect sensor for playing games. I would definitely purchase another system for other rooms in our household. Great for when friends come over. There is always something to do when using the Kinect featured games.
IT WAS BETTER THAN IEXPEXTED
Kinect 4 is fun for the whole family.  It was easy to set up.  The games can be addicting! It was a fun activity to do after Christmas dinner.  Takes some practice to get proficient at the games.
Good *****
My controler dose not work
product obviously brand new  all items listed included works great  the kids love it  the graphics are great  my son really enjoys being able to play online with his friends and communicate with them via ear piece and my daughter enjoys playing the game that came with it as well
I purchased this product for my grandson for christmas.  That is what he wanted me to get him. I was down to his house yesterday and he was playing with it on his t.v. and was enjoying it very much. so much that he wanted me to play with him. He also has a wii and wii 2 but seems to enjoy playing with the xbox as much as the others,  He likes the part of game where he was also on the screen monkeyshining also.
excellent,fantastic very easy to use and stunning graphics worth every penny paid for it.definitely recommend it to anyone wishing to buy a video game and is in doubt.
excellent,fantastic very easy to use and stunning graphics worth every penny paid for it.definitely recommend it to anyone wishing to buy a video game and is in doubt.
The unit had some signs of use and was a little dirty but cleaned up nice.  The xbox came with a game bundle package.  One of the games (kinect aventures) doesn't work and I'm a bit disappointed because this is the one game my granddaughters wanted most to play.
Just what I needed 
Works perfectly and everything was there! Thank you!
I purchased this system for my 8 year old's birthday. It is what he asked for and he was very pleased. My 16 year old has the upgraded version with 250GB and I can't tell a difference given the quality of the 4GB. We watch movies on Netflix, compete with friends on Xbox Live and chat the same with both Xbox systems.
I am a gamer girl and I love Xbox 360. Xbox 360 slim is pretty awesome! The wireless feature makes things so much easier and the voice command for the kinect makes it even more awesome! I bought two and plan to have one for every t.v. in the house in the future.
I really like the kinect but there aren't a lot of games and navigating the menus can be difficult 1 first using this Gaming system.  Overall I think I made a great purchase.  Delivery was prompt and the system was what it was supposed to beI
It is interactive,and gets your kids up off the couch and actually get some physical activity.It is the best thing that a gaming system could come up with.I was a Mom that hated my kids just sitting there with a controller in their hands.But with Kinect your children are up and moving to play the game they actually work up a sweat.Which is good for them no matter which way you look at it.Way to go Microsoft!!!!!!
Great system and i got it at a great price. Its really fun to play. I love the kinect it is very easy to use.
