This is the 2nd Xbox One we bought for our grandson. He loves this newest one the best. New color, nice slim version, room to store video games in box.
The promotions that were in the bundle deal out of 3 of the 2 of the codes were expired or just didn't work   The 5 free movies from vudu promotion expired Jan 1 2017 not sure why the free Xbox live time promotion didn't work but it definitely didn't. It's just kind of discouraging when you're looking forward to the extras and then you can't take advantage of them. 
Games look beautiful and there are many to choose from.  Many games are $17.50 to $25 which is an amazing value for the incredible quality of the visuals and sound of these games.  The 4k blu ray playing ability is nice but playing King Arthur 4k blu ray on my LG Oled 4k T.V. was somewhat lackluster.  Not sure if that's due to the t.v., the 4k movie or the xbox one s but I can say that I struggled to see any difference between that and a normal blu ray.  I was at first perplexed and then disappointed that the controller did not come as a chargeable unit.  But that just may be my lack of interest in these gaming systems (I have never bought a high end gaming unit before) and so may be just normal standards but still disappointing to me.  Visually the unit looks really nice and unobtrusive.  The reality is that when it came to buying a 4k player or an xbox for the same price or cheaper than the straight players, it was a no brainer.  Now I've got one more thing to bury my time in.  But what a nice way to bury it.
Product shipped fast! Only problem is I thought it was a bundle and came with the power cord and controller. It did not sadly but still pleased with the product so far. 
Really good condition. Only issue was that the storage and games were still downloaded. All I had to do was reset the Xbox. 
This product was a great deal at the time of purchase and I have really enjoyed using it! It was in great cosmetic condition when I bought it and everything worked (and still works) without flaw. I am happy with this purchase.
I got a refurbished Xbox One S, and I can’t imagine it looking or working better than a brand new one! Spectacular purchase!
Guy is legit answers all my questions had my doubt about how new the Xbox was going to be but it was just like he said new. Quickly shipped. If he is selling something you want buy it he's reliable.
Just received it in the mail and cannot be more excited.  It was a great surprise that you still had the box, thank you!
Great value. Excellent product. Works flawlessly.
Great birthday gift for my boyfriend.
The promotions that were in the bundle deal out of 3 of the 2 of the codes were expired or just didn't work   The 5 free movies from vudu promotion expired Jan 1 2017 not sure why the free Xbox live time promotion didn't work but it definitely didn't. It's just kind of discouraging when you're looking forward to the extras and then you can't take advantage of them. 
The Xbox is great I love how much smaller it is compared to the regular version, it came on time and everything, the only thing is it didn’t come with the battlefield 1 game, I checked all around the box for a code of some sort or a game and nothing I was disappointed that it didn’t come with the Xbox.
Xbox is basically brand new.
Great person, answers fast. I would recommend buying products from him very trustworthy!
Have enjoyed it so far played a little spent alot of time downloading and customizing (tying to change background) but when I played it was awesome loved the graphics
Serves the purpose and glad to have it. Shipping was a little late but with everything going on was too be expected
Nothing is perfect!!  But so far, so good!! No complaints, thanks again!!
For $160  you get a solid 4 k hdr blue ray play and  a game console all in one
Got an xbox one s with battlefield with this Company . best deals ever , trust them THEY WON"T MESS UP YOUR ORDER.
Great system! Great Deal! Packaged Well!
Looks like it’s in great shape. Runs smooth. Clean, no cosmetic wear.
Unit works great.  A+
Very good quality
Works just like its supposed to and I really like the gray more than the white
And recieved Xbox one total bs.  !!!!
You gave me a ps3 power cable
No fan noise runs smooth!
As my first purchase of this caliber I am really impressed
Game is good. Works perfect.  Thank you!
I was sold a control that wasn’t fully tested & was defective
Thanks
The controller is broken.
It a great entertainment system
Great product 
i don’t regret getting this for me 
SO FAR SO GOOD. 
