The next gen consoles just released, causing this one to drop in price. I bought it because it's only slightly more expensive than a true 4k Blu-ray player with Dolby Atmos etc, and needed one for the 4k 60" TV in the bedroom. This has all that. I figured, why not get this since it also plays 4k games? It's a great Blu-ray player, and I bought a couple games too. I also found out it's backwards compatible all the way to original Xbox so that's cool. If you use this as a player I recommend you get the remote for it. I found a name brand remote for just over $20, and that's far better than using a controller. Especially for my wife, who doesn't play video games, and didn't want to use a controller to play, pause, FF, chapter skip, etc. Over all I'm really glad I bought it. My Budget for a 4k player was $200-250. I got this for about $280. 
The entire packaging was completely damaged as well as the main box that it came in all the components were still there still working I just saw a lot of scratching on them this is why I'm giving three stars if this was better shipped and better taken care of I would have given full five stars
first off this was a newegg deal for 2 games with the Xbox One X Star Wars Battlefront II and Call Of Duty WWII for $586 total after Tax!system is completely worth every cent! I count it as a Gift from my Daddy God :D &lt;3 so plays native 4k UHD blu-ray Disc so thats $299 right there saved!! plus the price of a gaming PC to Keep up with this system would also set you back another $1200 (not a Joke!) there are many games (130+) that are supporting the One X enhancement program not all are native 4k but that has to do with the publisher not the One X they are helping Support the program when they do the enhancement! such as FFXV Not true 4k but is enhanced! but forza being true 4k 60fps get it!? so is Battlefront and COD WWIIhope that clears some of the air I am hoping for a better patch for FFXV! it needs it! even as being done for exclusive One X enhancement!! they really just used the same thing with the PS4-Pro update and tossed that work to the One X causing it to share much of the dips and frame rate problems, Super Not happy about that!!! :'(
Because of the limitations of the human eye, the difference between 4k and 8k probably won't impress like the leap up from 1080p.  And the difference between 60FPS and 120FPS is nowhere near as impressive as 60 from 30, unless you're a hummingbird.If I can understand that, I can understand that the gap between PC and console power is narrowing...Introducing the X1X! :)  The gap is narrow enough, man; forget your PC.You think the Sony/Microsoft rivalry is heated?  Nah.  Sony fans are good guys enjoying a good product, and of COURSE I'd also like to own a PS4 Pro at some point.No, it's the PC gamers who hate.  Guys who spent north of $1500 on their rigs (sold at profit, mind you) when they could have enjoyed some incredible photorealism on the X1X (sold at a loss by Microsoft -- those angels!) for not 1/3 the $.(Is Far Cry 5 @ 4k w/ HDR beautiful, or what?)The gap has (naturally) never been so narrow.  And it is N-A-R-R-O-W, dude.  You know what the X1X is?  It's a beautiful black existential crisis for lifelong PC gamers.  We're gonna have to start calling you guys BC* gamers.*"Bitter Clinger" LOLI'm over here laughing and I invite Sony fans to join me.  Cheers to us both, please no HZD spoilers, and I can't wait to see what the PS5 does to that gap. :)
Seeing as production for the original Xbox One has stopped, I felt it was time to upgrade and stay up to date with the latest technology.  I currently have a 1080p TV and can already see increasingly bright and crisp graphics.  I can only imagine how this looks on a 4K screen!  Loading time is reduced, I load into multiplayer games instantly while others are taking 15-30 seconds.  I am an avid gamer and Xbox customer and this product helps keep me at the top of my game.  Not to mention I got it for $100 below retail from Newegg.  Highly recommend if you can spare the cash and want the ultimate experience.
To start the Xbox One X is an incredible console. It is the third generation Xbox and I have owned all three.  I have liked all the console but so far, I have enjoyed the Xbox One X the most. I have owned it for the last month and a half and only have great things to say about the console. To start the console has native 4k resolution and I have a 4k monitor to go with it. 4k resolution is a very noticeable difference compared to 1080p and most games and streaming services offer 4k content. It also has the ability to do 10-bit or 12-bit color if that is supported by your monitor or TV.  For the physical design Microsoft was able to get rid of the annoying power transformer and put it internally in the Xbox. This means you just have a regular power cord now.  It also has a smaller footprint but is a bit heavier in weight than the second generation giving you the impression that it has a strong build quality.  With fifteen dollars stand the console looks very sleek on my desk.  It has the built-in capability for Dolby Atmos and comes with Windows Sonic for free which is for virtual surround sound.  If you have a headset with a MixAmp you can set it to stereo uncompressed as well.  It has an IR blaster built-in which allows for you to connect a multimedia remote. I found one for twenty dollars and it works great functions just like I have a TV.  It can play back Ultra High Definition Blu-Ray discs too.  Microsoft has an app available in the Apple Store that allows you to connect to your console and do things like power it on and off or join in to one of your friends party.Overall there is only two negative I can think of and both have solutions they just require money. First the console gets quite hot causing the cords on the back to be hot as well. I don’t any issues will arise form this. The other is that it is only has 1TB of space, but you can by external hard drives if you filled all the space.
The xbox one x has totally won me over. I also have the PS4 pro, which is good, but it's not on this level. Halo 5 looks like a brand new game on 4k screens. It's pretty incredible it runs most games at a native 4k. Everything else just runs smoother when compared to my xbox one s. The other surprising thing, is just how small and quiet it is. It's a little smaller than the one s, and is insanely quiet. Very impressed with this system and can't wait to see the new games take advantage of its power.
I got this product for $400 from Newegg.For that price I think this consol is a great deal. I had the day one edition of the xbox one and it was time for an update. I was either going to get an Xbox one S ($200 at the time) or the X. I got the X and wasn’t blown away by the picture (could be my eyes, my first generation 4K tv, or the Xbox) I wish i could return the Xbox to get the s but It turns out that Newegg doesn’t accept returns. Ultimately, the load times are much faster than the Xbox one and the picture is better. It is a great value for $400 and I recommend it if you have a 4K tv with HDR10. But with my current setup and my interests, I think the S would’ve been a better buy at $200.
I'm glad I waited for someone to sell the One X in a bundle. I got a brand new controller and two games I've been wanting to try out for the cost of the console alone! The transfer of saved data didn't go as easily as I'd hoped. I did the method of transferring over local network, but I should've had both consoles hardwired into the router because wirelessly only allowed one or two transfers at a time instead of everything all at once like I saw in instructional videos. All my games that were made with 4k in mind look beautiful on my 4k TV. I am a very happy customer!
With the extra features and 4K support this is definitely worth upgrading to if you still have the OG Xbox like me. I'm most excited about the Xbox X Enhanced games like DOOM, Gears 4, Halo 5, and the Master Chief Collection - Making them true 1080p at 60fps with other graphical enhancements developers can squeeze in. Planning to upgrade to a 4K HDR display later this year to really take advantage of what the X can offer. 
Was on the fence about upgrading to the Xbox One X from the original Xbox One but having 4K capabilities on our new TV helped push us over the edge. It looks amazing and is extremely fast. Newer titles such as Farcry 5 look awesome, but updates have also been made to previous releases such as Forza Horizon, Madden 18, and even Red Dead Redeption for Xbox 360. Tested the UHD Blu-Ray support with Jurassic Park and that sealed the deal.
It's a great console if we speak regarding specs and graphics. It does have many features so as a person that does not prefer Xbox I can say that is great. It indeed has the power to be even better.r&gt;The bad stuff are the lack of great exclusive games and that you need to keep using batteries for the console. Read full review...
This (now slightly older) flagship Xbox One X console has been performing for me flawlessly after 3 years of consistent use! Long-time user of the original Xbox One, the One X offered just the graphics/technology boost I needed to continue to stick with consoles, compared to shelling out big bucks for an expensive, clunky gaming PC/rig. Frankly there aren't any drawbacks that come to mind! I suppose I could say, "it's heavy," "it can get hot when it's running for a while," "it's sort of expensive," – but these type of critiques seem inconsequential for the amount of sheer joy and wonder the One X has provided me with. I'd recommend this console to any gamer who's looking for a relatively affordable, yet user-friendly option to play the latest HDR 4K gaming content on their next-gen TV or monitor. Something I truly couldn't live without! 
I’ve had this refurbished Xbox One X for a few weeks now (as you can see from the dust in the pics) and I’ve had zero problems with it so far. It looks and performs like a brand new one (I had a brand new one before this but unfortunately I lost it when my house was burgled). Really happy with the product, price, and shipping time. Definitely recommend! 
I loved my xbox one s but I needed to upgrade to 4k and now that I had the oportunity to buy the Xbox one X I can say I love it! Console for me its 5 stars since I can play my beloved 360 backward compatible games and current ones with the most power juice available on the most powerful console ever being built for home entertainment. Highly Recommended! Xbox One X is Awesome!
Best xbox yet! easy to set up, everything's on the cloud. you just pull the stuff off your account in the cloud and download it to the new xbox. menu is easy to use, graphics look amazing on my 4k screen! console feels responsive and quick to commands. nothing feels sluggish or laggy about the system itself. does put out a lot of heat when playing in game, the rear of the console vents the heat and it will actually warm my room up a few degrees. if you have central air i suppose you wouldn't notice this but i have. you'll also want to eventually pick up another external hard drive. 1TB isnt that much when it comes to games. when you download a game thats like 50gigs then they constantly release updates that take up 10-25gigs at a time. your console will fill up fast even with just a few games. so think about buying a external xbox hard drive/SSD. 
you know their reset button on side of these right hold reset power button reset whole console to factory to connect controller their button on controller and the console you have push both at same time sometimes you have hold one on console power cord you change out any two round power cord for hdmi their is 2 way hdmi 1 4k 1 normal if you're tv doesn't support 4k you have use 2 hdmi on you're tv hdmi out to tv on console use in for like cable for 4k use that hdmi 1 arc they are ins n outs that why their is cable connect in settings or you connect to together use hdmi to box to you're console
Microsoft got me again for another Xbox One. This time a One X. I bought a Xbox One for Forza 5, sold both on craigslist 2 days later. Bought another and Forza 6 at its release, and sold both in under a week. Im keeping this one. However there are things I dont like. MAIN dislike is the OS and home menu layout. Even the 360 has better menu functionality. Forza 7 'gameplay' still doesnt match Forza 4, but its better than 5 or 6 by alot. Visually tho its amazing. The other dislike of the One X is possibly my own fault due to expectations of a 500 dollar console, but everything the One X does requires alot of waiting. I get that the games are massive compaired to anything previously, but load screens take several mins depending on the game. Also the days of buying a new game, putting it in and playing it are over. It goes like this. Open game, insert game, find something to do for next Hr or so. For example Forza 7 loads 32GB from the disk, and downloads Another 64GB before install is complete. Fiber Optic internet is your friend. I have gigabit fiber, but on game release night it might as well be dial-up since every one that bought game is also downloading the 64GB update. All in all, system is amazing graphically, so much so that overlooking the dislikes is justified. Last thing to consider, is buy a 8 or 10TB NAS or at a minimum a 4TB external hdd. After system configuration your down to 700GB , and with games ranging from 60-100GB each theres not nearly an adequate amount of storage. If you record and save any 4k game play its drops that storage space at almost a  100MB a second. Lastly, if you own a One S already, save your money.
Worked great right out of the box. Games are visually of high quality and great frame speed. Blu Ray discs have vivid colors and very detailed resolution. No complaints on my end!
This is truly the best system I ever put my money into, small box... no bastt loud noises and no connection problems at all... worth the $360 I spent getting a brand new one!!!!
Picked up an XBOX ONE X since the seller (via New Egg) had such an awesome deal, and wanted to checkout the updated processing and gaming power in 4K.  Picked up the XBOX ONE X for $400 and it came with GTA-V, Destiny 2, and an extra controller - WOW, I felt a lot of extra value.XBOX ONE X performs very well, and does a nice job of speeding up game loading, while also enhancing graphics (4K) and game-play (a solid and / or improved frame rate).  The console itself is a surprisingly small footprint, and runs unbelievably quiet - Really, can't even hear the thing running (nice bonus).I felt like I spent too much on the "Day 1 Edition" of the OG XBox, and really was hesitant to re-purchase this upgraded version; however after playing games (Assassins Creed Origins, Gears of War, and Tomb Raider) enhanced to take advantage of the X's new found power - I love it and cant't go back!Is it worth it?  Depends...I am a gamer and play an excessive amount of games, so for me - Yes.  If you only play casually and already own an XBox One (Original or S) system, then maybe not...It's still a fairly big spend for some enhancements that are nice but not totally noticeable unless you have a comparison of systems next to one another...Me though, I love it and am very satisfied with the purchase.  Now...What to do with that Kinect that Microsoft told me was required to run my OG XBOX?  lol...HAPPY GAMING!
Xbox performs as if it was brand new. Came with all the PROPER cords and even came with a camo controller instead of plain black. The was no cosmetic issues either. Definitely a 10/10 across the board. A the 6 month warranty is just a amazing perk. 
The hookup for the X BOX One X for both 4K and ATMOS sound via a receiver is troublesome. I have not been able to get both hooked up. it is one or the other. the lack of both and HDMI Video AND an HDMI digital sound output was a missed opportunity. 
I haven’t checked prices of Series S/X as February of ‘21 but I know they were sky high on the scalper market. I picked this bad boy up for a few hundred bucks second hand and had room to make improvements. I bought a newer/better controller and I swapped the HDD with a SSD. I had a Xbox One S in the past and from what I can remember this is much faster with the SSD. I have a 120 Hz 4K (Vizio) TV but the Xbox seems to be limiting it to 60 Hz. Not sure if it’s the console or the tv. At my job we have a 75” monitor (NEC) that was supposed to be 4K but the Xbox will only broadcast in 720 or 1080. My theory is the Xbox is picky and these displays don’t meet the strict requirements but it could also be the displays are not truly what the manufacturers say they are. Either way the picture is good. I would definitely recommend upgrading to an SSD. I started fresh and installed the Xbox OS off a flash drive and then loaded games but if you have the know how to could mirror your entire OS with all your games and then install it. The tear down and reassembly only took me 5 or 10 minutes but I didn’t have to get rid of a lot of dust internally. This console does run HOT so a SSD helps but don’t keep this thing locked in a closed cabinet. I’d have the doors open or have it out in the open for good airflow.
This console was worth every penny, I upgraded from the Xbox One Elite with 1TB SSHD, there are plenty of One X Enhanced titles, even Original Xbox games like Star Wars Battlefront 2 (2005) or Panzer Dragoon Orta look better than the originals on a PVM.  Forza Horizon 4 looks amazing on my 4k display at 60hz. You are getting a lot even if you buying this at full retail, for $400 or $500. That kind of money can get you only a decent entry level gaming PC that capable of 1080p at 60fps at best and probably less with more demanding titles. When it comes to using the console, it does get quite warm after a while of use, but not fat Xbox 360 hot though. The console is surprisingly quiet especially with this console packing a GPU equivalent to GTX 1070.  The Xbox One in general has been a reliable console over Xbox 360, but fear of the RROD will always linger. The One X has the specs of an next generation console, which makes me wonder what Microsoft has in store for us with Project Scarlet.
I was hesitant to pull the trigger because of price but after spending a couple of weeks playing it I have not regrets.  I love the enhanced upgrades they are making for games.  Breathing life back into old favorites. Great system and support!
Coming from PC gaming with decent hardware (non 4K setup with a NVIDIA 1060) I was very pleased with the One X graphics capabilities on my 4k TV. Apparently the heat attracts my cat though and he wants to jump on top of it a lot. Great sleek design. Taking a bit to get used to the menu UI but it's not too difficult currently as I only have one game and one app I currently use. While I do miss a keyboard and mouse setup, I've always enjoyed the Xbox controller and I miss playing games on a big screen. I'm very happy with this console and look forward to countless hours gaming on it. 
I got this Xbox One X for $409.99 band new from newegg. The package came in a timely manner and the Xbox box was in good shape. The graphics are beautiful and the console is quiet even when running full power.
Upgraded from Xbox One Elite to Xbox One X, so that I could get the 4k/HDR. Frankly, the performance of the X is the same as the Elite (which, still, is great! -- they both use the same SSHD cache / architecture -- I can confirm that performance is almost exactly the same between the Elite and the X), but worth it to get the X for the 4k/HDR. Games that I had played previously (e.g., Prey, Fallout 4, Halo 5) all look better -- like new games, almost. Looking forward to some upcoming games that will be built to include 4k/HDR up front. If you have an Xbox One Elite and are not planning to go beyond 1080p, then no reason to get the Xbox One X. I haven't compared Xbox One X to an Xbox One S, but combining the performance of the Elite with native 4k/HDR (the S just upscales) would make the S seem not worth it. 
Memory & Storage:- 8GB Flash Memory- 1TB HDD Internal Storage- 12GB GDDR5 at 326 GB/sVideo Capabilities:- 4K UHD Blu-ray Optical Disc Drive- HDMI 2.0b (out), 2160p @ 60Hz, AMD FreeSync- HDR10 SupportAudio Components:- DTS 5.1- DOLBY Digital 5.1, TrueHD with Atmos- PCM 2.0, 5.1, 7.1Wireless Capability:- WiFi Dual band wireless with Wi-Fi Direct for home networks- IR Blaster, Send and receive signalsConnectivity:- Power Port- 2 HDMI Ports (1 HDMI 1.4b in, 1 HDMI 2.0b out)- 3 USB 3.0 Ports- IR Out- S/PDIF- Ethernet Port
I had my Day One Xbox One since the day it came out, have no major complaints on it other than it was getting a bit outdated after 6 years so I looked into the X. Found this one for a great deal. I am very very happy with my purchase. For only $280 you get a 6 core processor, 4K graphics card and the option for HDR10 or Dolby Vision. However, I can use the last 2 because now my TV is too outdated for my xbox . So if you want to use the X to it's full potential, I'd recommend getting a TV that is capable of said things. Otherwise it's an amazing console and glad I made the purchase! Below is the difference in size from my old one to the X as well.
I really like my Xbox One X console...I am using a 4tb external storage so I have plenty of hard drive space being I have the Ultimate subscription with all the free games. It operates very fast and is quiet in it's operation. Having a built in 4k player is also a great feature to watch movies at home.
I loved my original Xbox one, but I thought it was time to upgrade to the X. I'm not disappointed with my decision! Quicker than the original Xbox one and makes it very easy to set up 4k. NOTE: this uses HDMI to send 4k to the tv/monitor, and it doesn't have an option for Displayport. If you're buying to use on your pc monitor, make sure it is capable of receiving 4k 60htz from HDMI. No adaptor exists for that to Displayport, believe me.
It's honestly an amazing all in one that surprises me more and more each day. I already have gotten rid of my 4K Blu-Ray player as this has it built in. I use this as an all in one multimedia console so I only have one box on my TV stand. Gameplay is Awesome (Far Cry 5 and RDR2). Accessories are also easy to find and link, i.e. PDP remote for all in one control of soundbar, Xbox, TV, and Alexa control by voice. 
Everything came packaged up brand new and sealed. It appears to have been opened once before as new stickers are over the old stickers, I know Microsoft dose this sometimes to check serial numbers or add games and deals so I’m not too worried. With a deal like that I was expecting it.Bottom line: It’s brand new and came re sealed to add games for new bundle.
It's a really great console it's good if you wanna upgrade your xbox one really great graphics and amazing fps. It's a must have system!! WORTH EVERY PENNY!!!
I upgraded from the One to the One X since I recently got a 4k tv. I was a little skeptical at first, but after plugging everything up and adjusting some settings you can definitely tell the difference. The console is also a little smaller than the original One, which I personally like. I feel like it gives it a cleaner look while taking up less room. So far I’m very happy and I would definitely recommend upgrading to this console.
Unprecedented performanceXbox One X unleashes 6 teraflops of graphical processing power, making games perform better than they ever have. Maximize game performance with the speed of 12GB GDDR5 graphics memory, and see every frame with 326 GB/sec memory bandwidth.
This console is everything they want you to believe that it is. Having said that,  just like any other Windows based beast, it's not without faults.It's not as snappy as I'd hoped it would be, or was led to believe. I keep our games stored on an 8tb external drive, and the original Xbox one pulled them up faster. Not at all what I expected.Speaking of games, Jumpin' Jeezus on a Pogo Stick, are the Xbox One X enhanced games huge or what?!? Ginormous! I'm talking 100GB+ file size. We live in a rural area, with "High Speed DSL"... at the termination of the line... No. Seriously. If I couldn't laugh about it I'd just be crying in my pillow. So that game you want to download off gamepass? Better pack a lunch you're gonna be here a while... And yes of course Netflix keeps buffering, where do you think all that bandwidth is going?That whole Native 4K HDR 60fps isn't as straightforward as they'd like you to believe either, so do your homework here. My TV could handle it, my receiver could handle it, but I had to jump through flaming hoops to get them to handle it "together". And when all the units worked in harmony to bring 4K gaming into my living room, the clouds parted, the sun shone, the birds sang and trumpets blared... This. Is. Gorgeous. Wait, what's that smell?Ohhhh, don't worry, it's not actually on fire, it just smells that way because it runs so f'ing hot! Yes at the moment it's in a cabinet (where the original Xbox One sat), a well ventilated cabinet mind you. The wood near it is hot to the touch! It's all I can do right now, so I've got a mount for the back of the TV that I'm eyeballing as a solution. I'm telling you this so that you may plan ahead. In my opinion it runs significantly hotter that the original... Duh, it's doing a whole lot more!Yeah, I've been bitching about this thing so far. To me, it's ALL WORTH IT. The graphics are stunning, and it's just buttery smooth on everything you play. It might be hot, but yes, the fan is turning and you know what? It's quiet.. disturbingly so! It's understated, it's beautiful, it's surprisingly heavy. It's not this console's fault I choose to live out in the sticks and therefore have mind numbingly slow internet!My recommendation is to go for it. Just do a little homework before you make the purchase. Is your TV capable? Is your A/V receiver capable? How's your internet, are you willing to be patient? Do you have a wide open space for it to sit? Figure out the answers to these basic questions and pull the trigger on this machine, you won't be disappointed!
Graphics are fantastic and play much better than it's predecessor. Love the ability to play Blu-ray disc on this newer Xbox. This was a genuine OEM product. Would recommend for anyone looking to upgrade their hardware.
I wish the dashboard was the same as the original Xbox 360 dashboard. The Xbox One dashboard is complicated and has too many hidden windows or panels to access. Xbox Game Pass is a great new addition to the franchise; it adds lots of great games for every play style. The downside is, is it very expensive, running at 50$ for three months use. The service packs in Xbox Live (multiplayer experience) as well as 100+ games to download at any time. The Xbox One controller is leagues better than the Xbox 360 or PS controller. This is a good thing because I found the Xbox 360 controller to cause soreness or fatigue in my hands after playing for longer than 45 minutes.
I love my new XBOX One X.   It's a great 4k box.  I have it next to my PS4 Pro.  It's much smaller than I expected and in comparisons with other systems, its absolutely quite.  The only time I here it is loading a new disc.  Enhanced games look excellent is 4k.  Sea of Thieves has been a riot with my friends and State of Decay 2 is looking like it will be the same.  I also added the digital tuner, with that YouTube TV and Sling.   Cut my cable by $65 a month.   Love this box.
I all ways get a little skeptical when buying things on eBay but I got everything I wanted and some extras! The product arrived quicker then I anticipated, it was great doing business with you, happy to give you five stars!
The Xbox one X is a powerhouse! The native 4K is beautiful but without a 4K screen I’m not sure the higher price tag is worth it. I’m very happy with my purchase overall
The console functions as expected when receiving an item that is brand new, the fact that it comes with all of the required cables as well is great! Delivery was a day earlier than expected for me and I would highly recommend this retailer as a trusted agent.
I already had a 4k TV paired with the "OG Xbox One" upon first use, there are subtle changes to menus and home screen. Gameplay is incredibly better! Load times cut to less than half the time, graphics now show so much more detail that just was not there on my OG Xbox, nor my ps4 pro . Its worth paying full retail for an Xbox One X. I see more detail in games that aren't even one x enhanced. I'm truly pleased!
It's a amazing console, I love how It can play 4K even though I only have a 1080p monitor and makes it look better then you think. I love the plug in play because I always wanted a pc to play the modern games but this replaces the heavy price of a pc. With all the advantages from the Xbox game pass unlimited this is a great console for your needs.
Its really great the xbox is literally brand new and the controller is too i think however I was given a non factory power cable which isn't a big deal but it seems a lot shorter than the usual ones.
I have not have any problem with it but there are some small scratches on the console, but since my room is dark, I don’t really see them so it doesn’t bother me. The fan noise is a little loud but I’m pretty sure it’s because I placed it in a tight area and it overheats too quickly. I don’t have any complaints about the console, it works and that is all that matters. I enjoyed the console and the price of it was definitely worth the purchase.
It's an Xbox One X, it's a beast for console gaming, displays in 4K, awesome. Fast loading, superior graphics, frame rate is great.
Big improvement from base Xbox One model. I also upgraded my monitor when I got the X so the difference between my old setup and new is pretty crazy. Games also load quicker which is awesome. I already have two controllers, one being an elite controller so i traded the two that came with this system in for $50 store credit and then got Microsoft credit. I actually got the system quicker than originally noted which was great. 
Xbox functioned as described and arrived earlier than expected. Honesty much better deal than the new Xbox that is coming out for new gen.  Well taken care of and practiclly brand new.
I've been a gamer my entire life and when I stumbled across this deal to purchase an Xbox One X I had to grab one. The console is as advertised. Much faster, bigger storage, blue ray, and 4K. It's important to note that not all 4K TVs allow for the full use of the console. Specifically the HDR ability. Games are in 4K but my TV settings won't allow for the HDR function. I haven't seen the difference, but I was slightly disappointed in this. I can't wait for more movies and games in 4K as of now the list is short. I would recommend to anyone looking to upgrade. Previously I had the OG Xbox day one edition.
I upgraded from an Xbox One S to the Xbox One X and have been blown away by the improvements. It’s faster, it’s quieter, and it looks so much better! I’ve been amazed at the huge difference in the graphics on Fortnite, it looks fantastic now! Everything is so clear and sharp. I’m seeing huge gains and I’m only playing on a 1080p gaming monitor so just imagine 4k and HDR! Would highly recommend!
It's such a difficult thing to find great amazing sales like this. $90 off a BRAND NEW Xbox One X, not used. My family and I have shopped with Newegg in the past, they're a well respected, likable, trustworthy company, so I knew what I was getting into when I saw this deal. I was not going to accept a used console, and I was unable to buy the console at the full $500 pricetag, so this sale was a life saver to me, and probably many other gamers. Newegg, I want you to know that I'm extremely grateful for the amazing kindness you have done all of us, thank you so much! 
Console provides great graphics for both Witcher 3 and 2; visible are the scars and muscles of Geralt's arms in the 3rd game (right now in Witcher 2 Geralt's arms are covered).
I was skeptical because the price was so good, but the box showed up with no damage what so ever and was brand new sealed in the box. The graphics are amazing and response is awesome. I highly recommend buying this!
I bought Xbox One X brand new for $399 great deal!! Very happy, faster with better graphics I most definitely can tell the difference.
Great console, it says my 4k tv doesnt support the xbox 4k upscaling at 60hz which i have a 60hz tv, so is there any way to get it to render on my tv or is it a problem with the tv itself, other than that it streams 4k on youtube no problem
Bought this as a second console in order to play games like HALO 5 and Star Trek Online that don't have local co-op. Seems to work well. Hard to compare improvements over Xbone S as they're in different rooms, and only the S is currently connected to a 4K display. The decision to go 1TB and leave out the 512GB option was probably a good one; bought the Xbone S as 512GB, and with all the HALO titles installed (and a couple of others, like STO and Neverwinter), it's nearing capacity. Wasn't terribly concerned as it supports external storage. Expecting that the increased performance of the X will help with games that support local co-op.
I upgraded the internal drive to an SSD. My nephews have been using it to play original Xbox, Xbox 360 and Xbox One games. Fortnite loads as fast as it is able, much smoother than their original Xbox One from 2013. It has been working as their main gaming station plus a Blu-Ray/DVD player. With enough airflow around the console, it doesn't get too hot. It is a good budget option for sub $300 (not including shipping) in early 2021. For users that may care, you can plug multiple headsets into the console at once, allowing for audio to only go through the headsets. This is great for not having to listen to the background noise of the kid's games. 
This Xbox is truly powerful! I have a 4K HDR tv with 5.1 surround and it is awesome. I also can control it with Alexa which makes it even better.
I paid $450 . it's was brand new sealed. & yes 4k is real & the way to go if you plan on getting a TV over 50ins. 1080p games look fuzzy on my vizio 55in. Also Xbox one X can play some 360 games with added 4k or 60 fps support
Everything is here that is described. Absolutely amazing deal couldn't find a better one. Xbox runs smooth and looks brand new thank you again.
As an owner of all of (and all versions of) the consoles I can confidently say that the X is the way to go if you want the best graphics and/or performance in the console space.  Not only will the games look noticeably better than even the PS4 Pro but you will typically get higher frame rates and a smoother feeling game.  Even if you don't have a 1080p TV you can still get benefits from increased resolution, graphical fidelity, and frame rates over the base Xbox One or S.  Now let's get those first party games rolling out Microsoft!
The xbox one x is a vast improvement from the original xbox one. True 4K is a beautiful thing to behold. And the steadier frame rate is noticeable.The only drawback for me is the lack of a kinect port. However you can buy a USB to kinect adapter to use one. (The kinect gives you Alexis and voice remote functionality when watching TV through the xbox.)All in all Xbox has definitely made the most powerful console on the market. A must have for serious gamers.
Definitely was a little hesitant to buy a used Xbox so cheap. I was expecting a real beat up console with heavy scuffs, but it only had some really shallow scratches, looked almost new. Great system, booted up immediately, so far no issues.I didn’t read the listing closely enough, but I assumed it came with a controller and cables. It does not, but I already had a controller, and the power cable is a generic power cable you can get anywhere. Great buy.
Sometimes waiting is a good thing. I didn't think I would like an xbox after playing games on PC for so long. But I have learned to use the xbox controller on PC, and it was a pleasure to play on xbox without worrying about graphic drivers and the likes. awesome deal I got on this box. I know the new gen is right around the corner but "they" say any new games will still run on the xbox one x. I guess time will tell.. very happy with my purchase! and the 4K display option and 1 TB drive made it even more awesome.
Really intrigue with this console ever since I owned the original Xbox back in the day this is a tremendous upgrade and playing next to my friends Xbox one's I can say my console is superior.
No issues.  Product looks brand new. My wife and daughter have been using it more than me.  Very happy with purchase. 
Best gaming console, 4k resolution and a ton load of memory. Easy access to face book, you tube and all other apps. It's my number 1 console....
It's very good it's not crappy like the very first Xbox one I bought I'm very satisfied with the product I'm impressed it's better than the PS4 pro
Got mine from antonline.....crazy good deal!!!  Excellent machine...I also own an xbox 1 and PS4...of course this is easily better than both...though I fully plan on keeping them too!  I don't have it hooked to an HDR tv yet but in PUBg when playing with my buddies that have the standard XB1 my cities, buildings, etc render so much faster!!!
Works great, no lag what so ever. The only problem I had was I had to format my external HDD, and download 250+ games that I stored on it. Plus it will not work as a remote on my Xfinity cable box, hopefully there is and update soon that will fix that. Otherwise no complaints, looks great on the big screen 4k TV. Price could be a little lower, but still a happy camper..
Item was shipped almost immediately and arrive quick.Item is used but looks brand new.
Amazing product. Fast and silent, best graphics! Switched after being stuck with Sony PS4 for years...
I recommend it as an upgrade to any console. Games look and run better even on a 1080p screen. Xbox 360 games look way better than on the original Xbox one that I had. Best console to buy in 2018 until PS5 or a new xbox comes out. I installed ryse son of Rome and it looked and ran better. If you have a 4K HDR you will be even more satisfied. 4K Plus HDR is a game changer . I played Starwars battlefront 2, Battlefield 1, gears of war 4, Forza horizon 4 and more and Xbox one x with a 4K TV is a must have combination
I have no complaints about this purchase. It’s running just smooth and like a new console would. My box had an obvious razor blade opening but that’s just the box. Apart from that, the console and all other components were clean and spotless. This is was a great buy.
Product arrived in timely manner and works. Only problem is that every few days it wants to do an update which only takes 6 minutes. Inconvenient but not much of a problem.
The xbox one x works perfect. So far so good, absolutely nothing wrong with it. No scratches or scuffs. I would definitely recommend. Only thing I didnt like was the packaging. It looked like it been kicked, ran through mud, was opened, taped, and wet. Terrible condition. I dont know if that was caused from FedEx or what but thank God it was protected well inside that it didnt affect it at all.
It is a good console but it turns off by itself sometimesAnd the price was good with because it didn’t come with the controller but the condition was brand new so I like it
It works perfectly and is a blast to play. Totally recommend. (Unless you don’t want to lose hours because you are having fun - if that is a problem for you, don’t buy!) :)
Sure Xbox love crashes often enough and I can’t party up with friends during some of my precious free time, but the Xbox one x upgrade still makes gaming faster and better. Render distances are better, load times faster, graphics better, and if you have an external ssd, you load in a snap. Oh, before I go, do me a favor and never buy turtle beach headsets. They will break right after warranty no matter how expensive they are. Steel series or Astro all the way. (Just headset suggestion, makes gaming better)
This product is geared toward online games. Be prepared to pay a monthly game pass when using it. It did load in some of my old Xbox 360 games. 
Finally budged and upgraded to a 4K tv so I also upgraded from the One S to the One X and the difference is incredible. Also the xbox and controller showed no sign of use.
Even if you have the xbox one now, this is a major improvement. The xbox one x is much smaller than the original xbox one and is more powerful. You will see an increase in graphics and if you have a 2k or 4k tv/monitor, that will be it's resolution.For those using 1080p, there will still be a huge improvement for some games. Ark will finally be 1080p and the graphics will be finer.
This XBox One X is smaller than the original Xbox One. It also doesn't have a giant power brick any more. I love the 4K blu-ray player. It also loads games quicker and they play smoother as well. This is a big upgrade over the original Xbox One.
Awesome console! I sold my One S a few months ago and missed it so I decide to get an upgrade. The console is in perfect condition, the controller is in perfect condition, and it runs games amazingly, both their frame rates and graphics! Also the price was surprisingly low!
This was a great purchase. It came with everything that a brand new one does and it works perfectly.
Works as expected. To pay for shipping and it take 8 full days to deliver is ridiculous. Should’ve just bought brand new for a few dollars more and hand it next day for free.
I’m an avid gamer and just recently got the X and man let me tell you, it’s everything you could want and more. The graphics are killer and all games run so smooth, it’s a very slim design for a console as well, if you’re looking for the best gaming experience I would recommend getting the Xbox one X.
This Xbox used I can tell, but it’s really nice FAST VERY FAST great price fast shipping very happy with it the graphics look amazing good step up can’t deny every penny thanks for the great console for anyone else you will not regret buying one
I looked around a lot for the best price on a new Xbox One X, and finally found it at antonline.com.  It shipped quickly and arrived in good shape.  Since pricing on Xbox consoles is pretty standardized, getting a new One X at $379 when most places were down to $399 for Black Friday was a pretty good deal, and free shipping to boot.  No need to mention how the One X performs, if you've read the reviews you know it's the best performing console on the market right now.
Excellent purchase, I'm pretty happy with it! Shipment was way faster than I expected, about 5 days earlier.. Graphics are excellent, great multimedia interaction.. Great size, compacted and powerful..Not only for games! ;)
This xbox worked great. Turned on great, great quality. I had to return it due to my own mistake of mixing this one up with the series x (I needed series x not one x), but the shop was extremely understanding and I was able to return it. High reccomend this shop
For anyone on the fence about a Sony (PS4/PS4Pro) or Microsoft (Xbox One S/ Xbox One X ) , hands down, the One X is the absolute best console available for console gamers! I own both the PS4 Pro and the One X and playing one of my favorite titles side by side the way the X renders it is absolutely amazing! Add the the ability to play UHD Blu-ray Disc  and the X asserts itself as the mark to beat ! I am thoroughly enjoying this console and look forward to the next thing Microsoft brings to console gaming !
I upgraded my Xbox One S with this gem. It works the same as the S, but with upgraded graphics that are brilliant on a 4K tv with HDR. I also own a PS4 Pro, but I traded in my third party PS4 games for Xbox One games. They look even better now. I think Xbox One X will be where I buy most of my games. Love it!
Perfect. Quick response, fast loading of games and apps. Perfect graphics. Almost all my Xbox 360s games can be used by this X Box One X.Suggestion for your, also buy a big Seagate external hard drive for extra storage for more games, movies, ext...
I am thrilled with the XBox One X! It has tons of storage (1TB) and the graphics with 4K enabled, and the speed blew my socks off. So much better than my old 360, and in a smaller package,too. I really don't know why I waited so long to upgrade. I'm not even a little bit sorry I didn't wait for the Series X.
Awesome deal got at 400, graphics and speed are amazing, got free one month gold and game pass which has given free access to Gears of War 4 and Rise of the Tomb Raider
This system is a big step up from the XBOX ONE S, loads faster and plays great. Open box is the best deal by far,
