Love the Series X, the load times are fantastic and mind blowing how fast it is and I love the quick resume feature and the Graphics are great in 4k as well. I heard the rumors how fast and powerful it was but seeing it for myself takes it to a whole new level. I paid a little more than what the retail value was but to get my hands on the Series X before 2021 plus my original Xbox One started giving me problems so the decision to pay a little more to get one made it a lot easy. Love the Series X
Graphics seem about the same to me. I had the Xbox one  Scorpio edition before and do NOT see a big difference. Also the Xbox series X dose not come with an audio port so it rendered my turtle beach 800x headset worth less. Add to the fact that I was over charged shipping, taxes  and was price gouged over all for the unit. I would not say it worth the money for what you get. All these people that bought up the supply then sold for double the asking price during the pandemic should be held accountable for price gouging! It is is not supply and demand when a few buy up all the supply to manipulate the price.. 
Even on a 1080p 60HZ TV it's great. Load times are fast, graphics and performance is great, backwards compatibility enhances older games, game pass is a great value, and features like Quick Resume are a game changer. My only real complaint is that I couldn't take my external hard drive from my Xbox One, plug it into my series X, and have all my backwards compatible games just work, I had to reformat and reinstall them.
This console is what they say it is and more!   The graphics on this console from games that are optimized or made for the Series X is above par and well worth its weight in Gold!   The speed of it is like they bottled of The Flash and put him to work inside!  The lock isn't as sleek as the PS5's air purifier look but with a good Skin it turns out to be an awesome addition to my entertainment center.  Here is the breakdown!Graphics:If you are moving from the original xbox or xbox one to the series x you will notice a huge difference in graphics even on a TV that isn't built for 4K viewing.   If you are moving from the One X to the Series X you will notice some changes only to the games that are built or Optimized for the Series X but all games feel better with the speed you gain.  Overall the Series X is on par to compete with most gaming PC's that are currently out there and once developers start taking advantage of everything the Series X has to offer I will be surprise if it doesn't beats some gaming PC's on the market today.   Right now I give the graphics 4.8 out of 5 stars but will probably be 5 stars within a year.'Speed:Only gaming PC's that have the new PCI4.0 SSD's are as fast loading as the Series X with its games.   To have a game load within 15 seconds that normally would take 60s or more on other gen xbox's is beautiful!!   And that isn't even talking about the games that support the awesome "quick resume" feature.  This feature is something that you don't know you wanted till you start using it!!  The quick resume alone is a selling point for Microsoft and their Series X/S consoles.   Speed is beautiful in a world that is always moving.  I would give the speed a 5 out of 5 star!!  If they can learn to make the loading times even faster then boy are we in for some great experiences in the future!Games:This is where, as of now, I have to say I wish there was more to offer!  Game Pass alone is awesome for those who are new to xbox.  They will have 100's of games available the day they turn on their console that they could experience for the 1st time and that is by far better than any gaming console on the market today.   However, if you are looking for exclusive games that are new look great and feels great then there currently isn't much being offered by Microsoft.  With their dozens of gaming studios they purchased over the past 5 or so years lets hope that is about to change and come E3 2021 we finally get a list of games that will make anyone want to go out and buy a Series X!!
I own a PS5 and I am terribly happy with it, yet I feel it was worth getting an Xbox Series X as well.  The Series X is a more powerful machine, and also the Gamepass service makes it doubly worth getting (there are a lot of games on GamePass that are not on PS Plus and vice versa).  I like how all my saves were kept in my Microsoft account in the cloud so I could seamlessly transition from playing my Xbox One games on my Xbox 1 X to playing it on this platform.Xbox Series X does Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos sound as well, so it takes advantage of my home theater's full potential.Lastly, I sold my Xbox Series S to upgrade to this one.  I don't miss it at all.  If you are in a dilemma about whether to get the Series S now or save up to buy a Series X, don't make the mistake I did.  Get the Series X! The Series S won't play your Xbox One games as it is all-digital, and that infuriated me, owning so many XBox One game already.If you already have an Xbox One, and a library of games, then you already have a library set for this console, and they will play better in all cases, and even considerably better if it says "Optimized for Series X" on the back of your disc case.I also want to note that there are many Xbox 360 and original Xbox games that you can play on this machine (they don't cover all of them, but a lot).  I was impressed that I could play HAWX for Xbox 360 and it not only played a little more smoothly, but also I could use my Xbox One/ Series S flight controller.  At $500.00 it does seem pricey at first, but I look at it this way-- my $1000.00 gaming pc is not even capable of playing some graphics-intensive games like Elden Ring, and this console is.  And it plays a lot of the games I play on pc noticeably better.And on that note, if you get gamepass for pc and console and download a pc game, in some cases if there is a corresponding Series X version of it, you can alternate between the two on the same game save.  Oh, wow.The only reason I might persuade someone against buying this first, or buying instead of a PS5 is if you like the Sony Exclusive games like Spider-Man, Horizon Forbidden West, and the Uncharted series.  Then definitely get a PS5 first (or instead) unless your passion in life is to play Halo 12 when it comes out.
Due to the circumstances of the micro conductor shortage and the COVID-19 situation it’s hard to get a gaming console in stores especially if you’re needing one after your Xbox one goes out on you. So I went on eBay here to look for the best seller with the best reputation that I could find with the fairest price.Within a few days I had a new generation console at my house. It works great,It’s fast,The graphics update looks amazing. I’m giving this a five out of five
An upgradable backwards compatible system; it not only improves the graphics of older games but it cuts loads time and adds top notch performance. The series x has a feature that allows you to play your game exactly where you stopped playing .. no not check points but an actual realtime game bookmark . I really enjoyed this console but, i wish one could play more games offline instead of requiring a wifi connection.. not everyone has one .
I just got my series x near a week ago and I can say it’s pretty awesome. Nothing really stands out that much when it comes up features. It’s not a very big jump up in that regard from the one x. But that game pass is not to be f’d with. There are a lot of great games to last you a very long time. All that being said, ps5 feels great as well. I do enjoy the dualsense which was a huge change and the graphics and load times are near identical. Since I’m way more of a PlayStation fanboy I play all third party games and exclusives their. As if you are an Xbox fanboy you’d do the same. The real question is does return console have a game with spending hundreds of dollars on a console for. Mine was halo. Too much love for that game to not see it in all its series x glory. But if you had to only choose one you can’t go wrong with either.
I love this Product ! its fun to play and fits in my cabinet ! The ability to get back to your game quickly feature is awesome. The size of the series X is small compared to the PS5. 
My console first day after updates and 5 hrs straight playing cod it got to 170f degrees on blower and on disc insert 135-145f degrees. Let’s dig in to review nobody tells truth about. Bad design but it’s actually good if you put 2 cut 4” 2x4 blocks under it positioned under round stand. This adds more vacuum to cooler underneath. The storage isn’t big enough and you’ll need unlimited data cap to reinstall games over n over. This system has a stereo adapter issue currently to where can’t mute or volume control and if you plug in remote way it has no sound. I heard good n bad on it but speed you’ll love it on some games you’ll see huge load difference. So this should help you decide how bad you want one. Ps5 has heat issues to. 
For value price was elevated. But, if you want to play you have to pay. With that said. I love my series x. With one caveat you need a tv to handle its full capabilities. It is a great machine needing a great tv or a monitor. If used on a standard type tv when you look at screen you might think why did I pend money on this.
4K graphics are vibrant and beautiful and the gameplay is buttery smooth, even if you're not running at 120 FPS. The backwards compatibility is great, I even dusted off some Xbox 360 games and I have MW3 in the drive right now. Numerous cool, fun features and am glad that I was able to come across one at a decent price on eBay! 
Great console and so glad to get it at msrp price. I like it much better than my PS5. this runs silent. my ps5 is so loud and coil whine. Plus game pass is such a good deal. I'm very glad i purchased this and have been enjoying it. I can't get over how quiet it runs and how good the graphics and load times are. Quick resume is an amazing feature! Love it
Product fits description, was indeed in like new condition. The unboxing experience was also gave a feeling of a brand new system. The system also works well, I haven’t had anymore lag issues or long wait times like I did with my last system. The only complaint is the controller already has stick drift and I’ve only used it a hand full of times.
I got this for my son and he can't stop raving about how good it is.  All of the games play smoother and the 1T storage is great.  The storage can be expanded as well.  It's also backwards compatible.  With all of the features, it truly is a generation console.
Works very well. Looks pretty much brand new. I have been wanting to get one for a while now. Glad I found this. Easy to set up. Pretty much the same as my xbox one s just upgraded faster and more powerful
This new version X opens the orotundity to play retro games on ONE console. I have been waiting for this and now it is here. It is a game console on steroids! Many upgrade features as memory and a BIG fan to keep it kool and make it last longer without over heating disks and memory. XBOX did a solid on this version. Well worth the price.
Love the fact that the hard drive is 1 terabyte. Easy to set up using a tablet and installing the Xbox app.
I've had my x series for two weeks and I love it. Its quieter than the xbox 360. I also like the color wheel for the avatar creation. The online store is easy to use and navigate through. I like how the controller's design isn't much different from the xbox as well. Its easy to set up and has less cords. My only complaint is that the cord is to short. I like that i have plenty of space for downloading and playing games on here. 
Looked high and low for this for my son’s birthday. He loves it! Easy set up and great graphics. Not sure if paying DOUBLE the original price was wise.
The graphics and sound is great. It was easy to install. Grandkids enjoy the heck out of this unit.
Tho console is blazing fast with superior graphics and really a wonderful item.  It's just a shame that they are so low on inventory they cost $800-$900 or more on eBay.  But if you want them anytime soon this seems like the place to go. Just be prepared to hand over your cash. 
This really is the most powerful console in the world right now, and I do not regret buying it. I was only able to find it on eBay used, so it has a scratch and a couple of dents, but it works as intended. I absolutely love this console and will use it for a long time!
It’s very good quality, faster and it has the same features as some of the older XBox series. It’s a great investment for a regular player. 
From a parent perspective, it's compact, has great graphics and easy to set up.  From my son's view, high speed, no lag time, great graphics - he upgraded from an XBox One and sees a huge difference in performance.  
We Love it! We've Been looking for one since it came out. Totally brand new. Most powerful xbox ever. Highly recommended. Even if it's  higher than retail price. The next gen expierence is out of this world. Me and my wife love it.  
I went from PC to this Xbox series X and my PC I had was topped out on graphics and also performance running at 120 frames. I am impressed by how great this xbox performs running also at 120 frames and having such great graphics whereas I thought it wouldn't match up to PC well I was wrong. Also side note I had an Xbox series S before I got the X and the Series S is also a great performing console but lacks in picture quality and graphics compared to the X and its noticeable. But if you don't mind graphics and want just performance at also 120 frames with smooth game play then the Series S is a great! I just went all out lol. The product was in great condition when I got it with no scratches or anything on the outside and I have had no issues running hours on games so very happy buying from them as they are trustworthy in what they say and sell on their products.
Graphics seem about the same to me. I had the Xbox one  Scorpio edition before and do NOT see a big difference. Also the Xbox series X dose not come with an audio port so it rendered my turtle beach 800x headset worth less. Add to the fact that I was over charged shipping, taxes  and was price gouged over all for the unit. I would not say it worth the money for what you get. All these people that bought up the supply then sold for double the asking price during the pandemic should be held accountable for price gouging! It is is not supply and demand when a few buy up all the supply to manipulate the price.. 
Great quality, excellent graphics- this is quite the excellent gaming machine (outside of a PC). I would say it’s good value and it actually will eventually be worth it. However: the price gouging is huge. It’s not so incredible you should almost double pay for it, especially considering 1TB memory is nothing and your going to spend another $200, easy on a TB e general insert. 
It came fast and it was packaged so tightly. Great graphics. Very fast speeds only down side is losing the feature to have your cable through the Xbox X series. Hopefully they come up with a one guide later on. 
It’s well worth it and I’m happy with my purchase. It’s sad I had to get it for 300$ more than retail because people are savages and driven by greed but this machine is beautiful. 
I also own a ps5 for reference.  This is my go to for backwards compatibility and upcoming exclusives, but the PlayStation is smoother and better UI.  Also when I use video streaming, for some reason the Xbox has screen resolution problems with older releases and it fits the screen weird. Minor problem. Runs great, I wish I could run games before updating them but you cannot on Xbox as well. Anyways not a big problem, it also comes with almost 200gb more available than the ps5 despite both having 1tb storage. 
This console is truly amazing. Quick and easy to use. Enhances performance and xbox one games making my investment in all my games more valuable. Cannot wait to see what new ips all Microsoft studios come up with!!
Purchased at a reasonable price. Shipped out very quickly, everything looked brand new; no cosmetic wear. I've had it for about 2 weeks now and I've experienced no problems. 
I´m a PC gamer and to me this is just like a pc gamer experience over 60fps , running games with high or ultra details, + XBOX game pass is great * and this console cool be transported to any place you want is not to big as the PC , and its powerfull enough and optimize to run any game and the OLD GAMES looks like they are new games do to the enhacement - they run in 60fps with better resolution and texture.
I got lucky, getting both new gen systems relatively quickly. I got a Series S on Christmas Eve, and I loved it. But I wanted both, so I got a PS5. That system ran so smoothly, but the controller was uncomfortable. So I decided to upgrade to the Series X and I’m so glad I did. Faster than both the S and PS5, great handle for the controller, quick load times, improved graphics for my shooters…this system is the one
This is an excellent xbox.  The fastest system I know of.  It seems that there are a few Americans that take advantage of others in current times.  They somehow have money enough to buy several units when they are available, so that the rest of us who desire to buy one at mfg. retail price, can't get them.  Then the ones who buy up the units gouge the public with much higher prices to get rich quickly.  But, they will answer for this.  Other than that, yes, this is a fantastic system and I am glad that I wasn't taken for any more than I was.
Serious gaming console!!!! Microsoft got it right this time !!!! Only downside is the price I paid but, that's just the sign of these pandemic times. The graphics are phenomenal, speed to load games is fast and the ease to transfer from my Xbox one to the series X. Even like the way it synced to my cell and other technology.
The graphics and speed are much better than my XBox One.  The controller is much easier to use with smaller hands than that of the Play Station,  I thought that I would be able to get a better deal at this time of year but the price never dropped.  My main complaint is the looks.  It is a black minimalist rectangle with no style whatsoever but it works great!
I'm a Borderlands fan. On BL3 the start times from the XBox One main screen to in game were a painfully slow 4 + minutes.  Restart times after save quits were 1.5 + minutes.  And that was with an SSD,  With the Series X, start times are less than 2 minutes and restart times are 15-20 seconds.  Makes farming so much faster and in late at night sessions I don't fall asleep waiting for the restart.  Transitioning between maps is also much faster.The graphics are great.  I noticed the richness of colors right away and the game play is sooo smooth and life like.My only complaint about the Series X is that they changed the battery cover on the controller so I had to go buy new rechargeable batteries to get the cover.  With all their effort to maintain backwards compatibility I feel like someone screwed up here.  Why change the little plastic cover for the batteries?  It was never an issue with the old controllers but they created one with that change.Overall I'm very happy with the XBox Series X and its performance.
Most powerful gaming console on the market as of now. Great back catalog of games and promising upcoming titles and expansion. Lack of 11th gen games currently. Menu is in 1080p and is not as user friendly as PS5 to use. Controller this generation is not as innovated and next gen as PS5, but still one of the best controllers on the market. Slight improvements with grip and response and has a crisp feel when pressing down on the D-pad or back triggers. I'm more of a PC master race and no where can this compete with my RTX 3090 and Intel 10900K, but for the price and what you get for performance. It is worth it once you can get at retail price.
I never thought that an upgraded XBOX would be so different. Boy, was I wrong. Not only are the graphics smooth and lifelike, the speed of the system is mind-blowing. I was used to doing something while I waited for games to load, or for cutscenes to progress. Not anymore! The games load super fast, and it is like cutscenes are a thing of the past. If you are on the fence about getting one of these, don't be. Grab one the first chance you get. You will be upset that you waited so long.
I absolutely love this Xbox so much! Especially when paired with the proper tv you get all of your money's worth of it. The only minor issues for me is that the guide and menu are the exact same as the Xbox one (just a preference thing for me) and the controller that came with it had a broken up arrow on the d-pad out of the box, but that was an easy fix by sending it back to Microsoft.
Amazing, didn't get ripped off, came within four days, no issues, amazing graphics, etc. I love it. Thank you. 
Great price. The Xbox works perfectly, the controller and headset look/work like brand new. Great purchase!
Came brand new in the box and sealed, Package was very protected. Quality is great but never expected it to be the size that it is. 
The consulate is in great condition it's basically brand new! It could have been dusted off a little bit but besides that it was perfect and I appreciate it
This is a really great console, and easy to set up, customize, and use. I like the family configuration that is possible. There is also a large selection of great games.
Even tho I paid a slight premium it is still an EXCELLENT console!The look is has a dash of brutal-ism & futuristic simplicity. Perfect size for the entertainment center.I also like that I can use batteries instead of a rechargeable controller 
I initially did not want to purchase the Xbox series x at higher then market value but decided to do so and to truth be told I am glad I made the purchase.the Xbox series x is a beast I am playing prey which came back out in 2017 and to play it on this newer hardware makes a world of difference.the load times are so quick it is unbelievable running at 60 fps and with auto her is a dream come true.i cannot believe how incredible this console is.the extra horse power truly makes games look and run better then they ever did on last Gen hardware even on xbox one x.i am blown away on how this console makes load times so quick especially on certain games.i cannot wait what the future holds cuz like Microsoft says power ur dreams cuz this console powers these games even better then ever.
Love the graphics, the quick resume feature is the best. Very fast download time. Very fast start time. 
For being out of stock in major retail stores I am so grateful for EBay! Best platform I’ve had yet. 
The FPS is amazing, can play all the games from the previous consoles and use controllers also. The only down fall is  I can't use my digital auto cord because it does not have a port, I can't use HDMI audio on my older receiver. So I have to use the TV pass through.
I got my Xbox Series X brand new and it's awesome. Runs fortnite at 120FPS and the graphics are 4K. Better than PlayStation Xbox is best 
Graphics are outstanding!  Smooth game play!  Great backwards compatibility!  But,I recommend keeping your older Xbox because some games are not compatible!  (Most of the Xbox one games are compatible as far as I know, I could be wrong).  It is alot more powerful system than any console on the market by far!  Especially, according to the stats and facts it is the best console I've ever played!  Much better looking console than ps5!
I like the way the air flows the console with the straight through design. I don't see any real differences from the Xbox One X I had before with an SSD upgrade. I have a UHD TV, but haven't used it yet. The controller is very good with the USB C port. I'll be very satisfied with this thing for years to come.
The series x is great. Graphics are awesome, load times are quick, and the new controller improves on the xbox one controller’s design. Very happy with the system. What I hate, however, are people who buy a bunch of consoles at retail price and then sell them at a $200-$300 profit because regular people can’t find them in a store. Rip-off. 
Although I had a couple of issues the first time I installed a game, an Uninstall and reinstall took care of all the problems that I had with my new Xbox as well as the lockup problems that I  was having with my Xbox1. Installs of other games have proven to be done ten times faster. It's so great to be able to play all of my games from previous generations. This console has proven to be a great investment that has already given me many hours of trouble free entertainment.  Together with my 4k television I have enjoyed the best graphics ever. Very definitely a better, sharper picture. Worth every penny I paid for it. 
Seems like a great console. Load times are dramatically faster than Xbox One and everything is backwards compatible all the way to original Xbox. However, mine had some  issues. Any game newer than approx 2018 crashed like crazy. I tried every known solution and nothing helped. Currently have a warranty claim in process so hopefully I end up with a good console after that.
I really am enjoying this new system. Fast,Great graphics, super fast load times and best of all it makes all my other games look better and perform at a higher level as well...
The last console I regularly played on was the Xbox 360 back in 2012.  I prioritized PC gaming over this. However, with the difficulty of getting an gaming hardware for PC these days, and the overwhelming desire to just kick back in bed and casually hold a controller while gaming, the new Xbox Series X has been a refreshing change to my gaming lifestyle.  Additionally, the Xbox Game Pass has allowed me to enjoy past games without having to pay full price (or no price at all) for them.  Extremely satisfied with the product.  It will only get better from here as long awaited exclusive titles are released.
Since it is not easy to purchase the new generation consoles in shops, eBay is the perfect place to find them. Have to pay extra though.
I got lucky and got one of the lowest prices on I have seen on Ebay, few bidders. I cant believe I won. It is really night and day better than the already great Xbox one X. 
The Xbox Series X is a beast of a gaming console. The leap forward in technology is evident the second you turn the machine on. The leap forward is as evident as going from the OG Xbox One to the Xbox One X except you're going from the second most powerful console to the most powerful one in the Xbox Series X.
Item works great. Shipped carefully. Highly recommend.
Bought it used but basically new, no wear or scratches on the console, the controller looks and feels unused so I'm happy about that, don't really care for the wired headphones I prefer wireless but my 6 year daughter is more than happy taking over it for her tablet lol . I play Hunt the showdown allot and didn't imagine the graphics could get any better but it looks so much better on the series x. Truly happy with my purchase thank you
Product is great, but I went into this knowing who was selling it had to make a profit. This one was not overreacting it as much as others.
Ended up getting this super fast and it was boxed extremely well.  I finally decided to bite the bullet and get this.  It was a toss up between this and a PS5 but this one be out because the new Flight Simulator drops in a few weeks and always seem to run into an issue with my previous PlayStation’s because of a lot of play and they do t stand behind their product
Unit is very clean and looks almost new or possibly refurbished.  The controller and cables also appear new. It is packaged like a new unit. The only thing questionable is storage space. Around 650 gig storage on a 1 terabyte system?  I think mine i bought new had a little over 800 gig storage.  It works well though and kid is happy with it. 
Graphics are noticeably better than XBox one. Compared side by side  on identical 4k 42 inch tv's, with both new and old games. Keeping both to play in different rooms. Only time will tell if it lasts as long,  hope so. 
I was with playstation last generation unable to find one for a reasonable price found this one for a decent deal and with game pass ultimate you cannot go wrong this system runs so quiet it is not noticeable at all and the graphics are buttery smooth also the specs are there you get 1tb ssd with the expansion that doubles immediately and it is at ssd speed as well 
Still learning how to use it.  Thus far I am also using the apps like Amazon Prime, and Netflix.  Allows the best sound such as Dolby Atmos to come through in a lossless manner.
Love it. Runs great and is smaller than I expected so it fits well on my entertainment center. Super fast load times and now I have access to the best gaming value ever with Xbox gamepass.
Came as described. Didn’t see that the HDMI cable wasn’t included, but that’s my bad and was easily fixed. Controller has noticeable drift on the right stick, but other than that everything works great. Seller was nice and gave an update when necessary. 
Download rates are so much better, the 4K looks great on my 70" big screen.
The Xbox Series X is Fast. Downloading switching between games...Fast. I also have the Seagate 1TB SSD Expansion. The Xbox Series X is a huge step up from the Xbox One X. No major problems. My Xbox Elite V2 disconnected from the Xbox Series X once. I just turned it off, unplugged the power cord and plugged it back in 1 minute later. No more syncing problems. Great console. You won't be disappointed. 
It was a gift for someone else in the house but they loved it and have already enjoyed using it. The graphics look great. Not sure about the fact that it's a tower and stands up because we cannot figure out where to store it; just have to make some adjustments to our set up. 
Excellent 4K game platform - wish I could pay retail price
I have been waiting for the new xbox series X to became more affordable ($500). - I wasn't disappointed, Love the improved graphics but I really love its ability to use all of my new 1 gig internet speed ! My old xbox one S maxed out at about 450 mb. Good job Microsoft !
My son has been drooling over this beast for some time now. Because of the global shortage of chips, they haven’t been widely available. My poor, neglected son has had to do without… without the latest. He has the previous edition. So he graduated from high school and received a generous money gift from his grandma. Graduating was no small challenge for him. He found the listing and bought it. The seller was fantastic, and the giant black time-suckage box fit the bill. My son rarely emerges from his room, except to do his chores  or to search cupboards for food. Based on that, that, the big black time-sick age box has lived up to the hype. Just wait until he’s told to get a job! 
This product is for sure five stars because it exceeds expectations. The graphics are insane, it runs much faster than the original Xbox one, and the downloads speeds are about four times as fast. Aldo very, very easy to setup. It took me like five niutes or so. 
Very fast and good system, But if I was you I would just wait till there are so good series X/S games out . Cause the games that are out right now dont make it worth spending 700+ on the series X. As much as I love it I would recommend buying it at high price right now.
XBox Series X lives up to the what it promised.  I wish there were more next gen titles, but I'm happy playing my current favorites with higher frame rates and faster load times.
I have both the Series X and PS5. The build quality of the series x is unmatched. Graphically superb, run 8k, 4K at 120fps is amazing. 1080p at 120hz is the way to go on your fps I can’t say enough about it. The game library for me is nice because you can download and play all of your old school games from the original Xbox up to present Series X/S and that’s quite a library if you’re an old school gamer as I am. The specs on this rig rivals a gaming pc. Let’s argue. Great value Microsoft THANK YOU! 
I love the console but I do not think it was worth the up-charge I paid. I think I was better of waiting till June like microsoft estimated they will start being in stock.Don't get me wrong it is a great console way faster than last generation and has better graphics. My console boots almost instantly and games load way faster.
Works well but Microsoft hasn't let many 3rd party manufacturers have compatible products. (Flight yoke) I returned a  Logitech yoke and throttle since it would not work.  The Logitech works with MS Flight Sim (2020)on a PC but does not work on Xbox Series X. I guess I'll have to wait for compatible systems to be available at a reasonable price.
Miles better than the previous generation.   Fast loading times, crisp 4K 60 FPS.    Also runs silently with no fan noise.  Game selection is the only negative for this machine.  Waiting until there is a larger library available might be in your interest if you don’t want to pay a premium to have it now
Spent more than I wanted to on it but I’ve definitely got my money’s worth. The processing speed alone has me sold. Everything runs smooth, even the optimized ones specifically for series x run smooth. AC Valhalla looks amazing, I’ve put more time into that more than anything and it really helped to speed up cod Cold War. (Playing on Vizio 4K tv) If your into gaming like me it’s definitely worth a buy if you can’t afford a PC or don’t have the time or patience to keep up with software.
Great products, even better price. Seller was phenomenal! SUPER fast load times, great graphics, quiet, upscale is amazing even on Xbox one games. Difference between a 125cc motorcycle and a 750cc crotch rocket. 
The leap in graphics just don't justify the price. I went from playing Cold War on Xbox One to X Series and the difference in minimal. The only thing I can rave about is the load times. Load times are amazing! Gameplay, in general, is faster. It's not bad by any means, but not enough of a technology upgrade to be excited about. I will probably change my mind as better games are released for it later in it's life cycle. I definitely would wait and I would not pay more than retail for it. 
I got it for the family but it’s really for me!  Can’t wait to use it on Christmas Day.  It’s an upgrade from years with the Xbox One. It was about time!
Definitely notice the different in graphics between the Series S and X. Favorite part of the S|X is the quick resume feature. Doesn’t play very well with Warzone all the time, but that’s an Xbox Live miscommunication. 
First console I could ever say that is a beast of a machine! Definitely impressive piece of hardware for sure! Two thumbs up Microsoft! It is large for sure and heavy, so make room if you purchase one! 
The Xbox Series X did not disappoint. GTAv was messed up, couldn’t buy weapons or ammo at first, but a recent update and restart fixed it. Flight Simulator far exceeded my expectations. Halo is incredible. Overall I am very happy with my purchase, and am really surprised at how amazing the game play is. 
Its works perfect.  This is legit. Good deal. Refurbished but runs like brand new.  
it's exactly what Microsoft says it is. It's Awesome!but we still have to pay a premium price if we want one. It would be a great value if it only cost regular price but if you want one now it cost extra.  I chose to pay it. Glad I did.
My son thinks so and that’s why he bought with his money not mine   I guess if we could have found one at store price that would have been one thing but you just can’t find them…if you want something bad enough you have to pay premium like everything else in the world right now 
Xbox series X is a great council plays a lot of original games of Xbox one with upgraded settings and when series X games come out it will play those two I would recommend not paying over $700 for them just wait they are a great counselor but they’re not worth spending double the price I did not spend that much I paid over MSRP but not much
brand New had it for a decent while cant complain other then buying it for 650 I think that scalper price isn't to bad considering there going for 800 to 1,000 plus dollars now  but overall a amazing console!
System wasn't reading game disks at first, but just started working for some unknown reason after a couple hours. It's been working great for the last week. I've had it for 10 days. Warranty is a great plus. 
Works great, the UI could use an uplift though, the main dashboard only displays 1080pEdit* this has been revised due to the fact that Microsoft did upgrade the dashboard UI. It is now 4k
